Add Elastic Agent 9.3.3+IAR release notes (#13556)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/release-notes/_snippets/9.3.3+build202604082258/index.md

## 9.3.3&#43;build202604082258 [elastic-agent-release-notes-9.3.3&#43;build202604082258]

:::{note}
This is an independent Elastic Agent release. Independent Elastic Agent releases deliver critical fixes and updates for Elastic Agent and Elastic Defend independently of a full Elastic Stack release. Read more in [Elastic Agent release process](docs-content://reference/fleet/fleet-agent-release-process.md).
:::

### Fixes [elastic-agent-9.3.3&#43;build202604082258-fixes]

> * Fixes memory leak related to path normalization in Elastic Defend.  The leak was introduced in 9.3.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a memory leak related to path normalization in Elastic Defend that was introduced in 9.3.0.
```

> * Fix Elastic Defend Kafka output. Handling transient or invalid metadata responses by falling back to broker-selected partitioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes the Elastic Defend Kafka output. Handling transient or invalid metadata responses by falling back to broker-selected partitioning.
```
